README.md, before:

# urs_breaker 🚀

**urs_breaker – AI-powered Goal Breaker**  
You type a big goal. The AI breaks it down into manageable tasks — so you get from idea to action.

## ✨ What is this

`urs_breaker` is a Flutter-based application that uses AI to help you break down large goals into smaller, actionable steps.  
Whether you're planning a project, personal milestone, or just organizing tasks — `urs_breaker` helps translate ambition into clarity.

## ✅ Why use it

- Turn vague big-picture goals into concrete, doable steps.  
- Great for personal planning, project kickoffs, or brainstorming sessions.  
- Built with Flutter — so it works across platforms (mobile, web, desktop).  
- Designed to be extended: you can plug in different AI backends, customize UI/UX, and more.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Flutter (Dart)  
- **Platforms supported**: Android, iOS, Web, Windows, macOS, Linux (per repo folder structure)  
- **AI / Logic**: (Add details — e.g. which AI model / service you use)  
- **Other tools / dependencies**: (List any important packages, state management, etc.)

## 🧑‍💻 Getting Started — Setup & Run Locally

1. Clone the repo  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/abdee67/urs_breaker.git
   cd urs_breaker
2. Install dependencies  
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
3. (If applicable) Generate any code / run build scripts — e.g.
   ```bash
   flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs

4. Launch the application
   ```bash
   flutter run

5. (Optional) To run on a specific platform, specify the target, e.g.
   ```bash
   flutter run -d chrome   # for web  
   flutter run -d android  # for Android

Commit message:

Enhance README with usage example and instructions
Added usage example section and improved instructions.

README.md, after:

# urs_breaker 🚀

**urs_breaker – AI-powered Goal Breaker**  
You type a big goal. The AI breaks it down into manageable tasks — so you get from idea to action.

## ✨ What is this

`urs_breaker` is a Flutter-based application that uses AI to help you break down large goals into smaller, actionable steps.  
Whether you're planning a project, personal milestone, or just organizing tasks — `urs_breaker` helps translate ambition into clarity.

## ✅ Why use it

- Turn vague big-picture goals into concrete, doable steps.  
- Great for personal planning, project kickoffs, or brainstorming sessions.  
- Built with Flutter — so it works across platforms (mobile, web, desktop).  
- Designed to be extended: you can plug in different AI backends, customize UI/UX, and more.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Flutter (Dart)  
- **Platforms supported**: Android, iOS, Web, Windows, macOS, Linux (per repo folder structure)  
- **AI / Logic**: (Add details — e.g. which AI model / service you use)  
- **Other tools / dependencies**: (List any important packages, state management, etc.)

## 🧑‍💻 Getting Started — Setup & Run Locally

1. Clone the repo  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/abdee67/urs_breaker.git
   cd urs_breaker
2. Install dependencies  
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
3. (If applicable) Generate any code / run build scripts — e.g.
   ```bash
   flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs

4. Launch the application
   ```bash
   flutter run

5. (Optional) To run on a specific platform, specify the target, e.g.
   ```bash
   flutter run -d chrome   # for web  
   flutter run -d android  # for Android
   
🚀 Usage Example
  Very Simple...
You’ll be greeted with a UI to enter a goal or objective.

Submit the goal — the AI backend will break it down into sub-tasks or actionable steps.

You can then review, edit, and refine the generated plan.
